# Megaline-Plans-Analysis
The purpose of this report is to carry out a preliminary analysis of two of the telecom operator, Megaline. Megaline offers its clients two prepaid plans, Surf and Ultimate. 
Each plans description is as follows:  Surf  Monthly charge is $20 500 monthly minutes, 50 texts, and 15 GB of data 
After exceeding the package limits:  1 minute = 3 cents 1 text message = 3 cents 1 GB of data = $10 
Ultimate  Monthly charge is $70 3000 monthly minutes, 1000 text messages, and 30 GB of data 
After exceeding the package limits:  1 minute = 1 cent 1 text message = 1 cent 1 GB of data = $7 

Megaline's commercial department requested an analysis based on a relatively small client selection to know which of the plans brings in more revenue in order to adjust the advertising budget.  

In the report hereinafter, I will study the clients, their residence, their prepaid plan and their plan usage, i.e. how many calls they made and how many minutes they used, how many messages they sent and the amount of data they used.  To complete the analysis I will fix problematic values in the data, fill in missing values and add columns to the data set and remove duplicated rows, as required. Once the data set is preprocessed and clean, I will merge significant data from the various data frames provided into one data frame and calculate each user's the total minutes, messages and data used per month and the revenue they generated. Then I will determine whether there are outliers in the dataset, remove them as I deem necessery, and and categorize each user's region of residence. Then, I will draw conclusions in regards to the average revenue generated by the users of each plan - which prepaid plan generates in more revenue.
